Publish updated Data Streamer documentation (#9)
EMnify/product-docs: docs/data-streamer/usage.md

# Using the Data Streamer

> Data streams are managed by using the [emnify Portal](#data-streamer-in-the-portal) or the [Data Streamer API](#data-streamer-api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can manage data streams with the [emnify Portal](#data-streamer-in-the-portal) or the [Data Streamer API](#data-streamer-api).
```

## Choosing which interface to use

**[emnify Portal](#data-streamer-in-the-portal)**  
Managing data streams with the Portal is convenient when taking the first steps or if you don't expect configuration changes to be needed often.

**[Data Streamer API](#data-streamer-api)**  
Integrating the Data Streamer API becomes a faster and more secure approach when multiple data streams need to be managed as part of the daily business or in the case of advanced operations (e.g., seamless migration from one data stream to another without lags or duplicates).

## Data Streamer in the Portal

> To [manage your data streams](managing-data-streams), log in to your account on the [emnify Portal](https://portal.emnify.com/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To [manage your data streams](managing-data-streams), log in to your [emnify Portal](https://portal.emnify.com/) account. 
```

> Then, navigate to the **Integrations** page by clicking the **Integrations** menu item on the sidebar.

Reviewer: I know this is getting kind of picky, but when it comes to things like this ("on" vs "in") I typically go with the choice that returns the most Google results:
- [on the sidebar ](https://www.google.com/search?q=%22on+the+sidebar%22) yields 14.1 million
- [in the sidebar](https://www.google.com/search?q=%22in+the+sidebar%22)  yields 19.2 million (plus [Cambridge Dictionary's approval](https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/sidebar))
```suggestion
Then, navigate to the **Integrations** page by clicking the **Integrations** menu item in the sidebar.
```

| Method  | Entrypoint   | Description   |
| ------- | ------------ | ------------- |
| `GET`     | `/api/v2/data_stream`  | List data streams. |
| `GET`     | `/api/v2/data_stream/{data_stream_id}`  | Retrieve detailed information of a data stream by ID. |
| `POST`    | `/api/v2/data_stream`  | Create a data stream. |
| `PATCH`   | `/api/v2/data_stream/{data_stream_id}`  | Update a data stream by ID. |
| `POST`    | `/api/v2/data_stream/{data_stream_id}/restart`  | Restart a data stream by ID. |
| `DELETE`  | `/api/v2/data_stream/{data_stream_id}`  | Delete a data stream by ID. |

The following lookup entry points are available for retrieving possible configuration options:

| Method  | Entrypoint   | Description   |
| ------- | ------------ | ------------- |
| `GET`     | `/api/v2/data_stream/status`  | List possible data stream statuses. |
| `GET`     | `/api/v2/data_stream/connection_type`  | List possible data stream connection types. |
| `GET`     | `/api/v2/data_stream/type`  | List possible data stream types. |
| `GET`     | `/api/v2/data_stream/filter_field_type`  | List possible data stream filter fields. |

### Creating data streams

> Once authenticated, users can create data streams by making `POST` requests to `/api/v2/data_stream`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once authenticated, users can create data streams by sending `POST` requests to `/api/v2/data_stream`. 
```

        // other mapping functionality on the application server side
        "my_custom_header_1:value1",  
        "my_custom_header_2:value2" 
      ]
    },
    "format": "Json"  // further format options will be added in future
  }
}
```

You can also create an event stream with [AWS Kinesis integration](available-integrations#amazon-kinesis-data-streams) and enabled filtering, like the following JSON request body example:

```json
{
  "data_stream_type": {
    "id": 2  // events
  },
  "destination": {
    "connection_type": "AwsKinesis",
    "credentials": {
      "region": "af-south-1",
      "stream_name": "demo-stream",
      "role_arn": "arn:aws:iam:1234567890:role/role_for_kinesis_data_stream"
    },
    "format": "Json"
  },
  "filters": [
    {
      "field": "event_type_id",
      "value": [
        1,
        2,
        3
      ]
    },
    {
      "or": [
        {
          "field": "alert",
          "value": true
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

:::info API Reference
[emnify API specification - Create Data Stream](https://cdn.emnify.net/api/doc/swagger.html#/Integrations/CreateDataStreamer).
:::

### Listing data streams

> You can list all data streams belonging to your organization by making `GET` requests to `/api/v2/data_stream`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can list all data streams belonging to your organization by sending `GET` requests to `/api/v2/data_stream`. 
```

:::

### Updating data streams

Authenticated users may update data streams belonging to their organization by making a `PATCH` request to `/api/v2/data_stream/{data_stream_id}`. 

The `data_stream_id` path parameter is the top-level `id` property in each object returned by the [listing data streams](#listing-data-streams) request and is an ID that is unique for each data stream.

An example cURL request to update a data stream with an ID of `123`:

```bash
curl -X PATCH "https://cdn.emnify.net/api/v2/data_stream/123" \
-H "accept: application/json" \
-H"Authorization: Bearer AuthToken" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \-d '{...}'
```

The request body (set using the `-d` flag in cURL) configures the parameters of the data stream itself. 

The following example shows how to pause a stream and erase any filters:

```json
{
  "status": {
    "id": 2 // 1 = Running, 2 = Paused, 3 = Error, 4 = Pending
  },
  "filters": []
}
```

:::info API Reference
[emnify API specification - Modify Existing Data Stream](https://cdn.emnify.net/api/doc/swagger.html#/Integrations/PatchV2DataStream)
:::

### Deleting data streams

> Making a `DELETE` request to `/api/v2/data_stream/{data_stream_id}` will delete the data stream with that ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sending a `DELETE` request to `/api/v2/data_stream/{data_stream_id}` will delete the data stream with that ID.
```
